Allow startup without API connection (#55)
tenzir/threatbus: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- 🎁 The MISP plugin does not require an API connection anymore. If omitted, the
  plugin can still receive IoCs normally, but it cannot report back Sightings or

>   request Snapshots.

Author: Yeah, I'm not too sure about this (and also not strongly opinionated) - my rationale is this: Sightings and Snapshots are "structs" in `threatbus.data`. So I kind of treated them as proper names. But then again, we could also `code highlight` them. Or just lowercase and treat as English words. Thoughts @mavam ?

>   request Snapshots.

Reviewer: In the context of the changelog, they seem to refer to the concepts as opposed the implementation. Therefore I'd use regular prose-style writing, which is always easier to consume.

> - 🎁 The MISP plugin does not require an API connection anymore. If omitted, the
>   plugin can still receive IoCs normally, but it cannot report back sightings or
>   request snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🎁 The MISP plugin now works without a valid PyMISP API connection. If omitted in the configuration, the plugin can still receive indicators via ZeroMQ or Kafka, but it cannot report back sightings or request snapshots.
```

(Modulo whitespace.)
